NAME
  netdiscover - active/passive ARP reconnaissance tool

SYNOPSIS
  netdiscover [-i device] [-r range | -l file | -p] [-m file] [-F filter]
              [-s time] [-c count] [-n node] [-dfLNPS]

DESCRIPTION
  netdiscover is an active/passive ARP reconnaissance tool, initially developed
  to gain information about wireless networks without DHCP servers in wardriving
  scenarios. It can also be used on switched networks. Built on top of libnet
  and libpcap, it can passively detect online hosts or search for them by
  sending ARP requests.

  Furthermore, it can be used to inspect your network's ARP traffic, or find
  network addresses using auto scan mode, which will scan for common local
  networks.

OPTIONS
  -i device  The network interface to sniff and inject packets. If no interface
             is specified, first available will be used.
  -r range   Scan a given range instead of auto scan. Valid range values area
             for example: 192.168.0.0/24, 192.168.0.0/16 or 192.168.0.0/8.
  -l file    Scan ranges contained on the given file, it must contain one range
             per line.
  -p         Enable passive mode. In passive mode, netdiscover does not send
             anything, but does only sniff.
  -m file    Scan the list of known MACs and host names.
  -F filter  Customize pcap filter expression (default: "arp").
  -s time    Sleep given time in milliseconds between each ARP request
             injection. (default 1)
  -c count   Number of times to send each ARP request. Useful for networks with
             packet loss, so it will scan given times for each host.
  -n node    Last IP octet of the source IP used for scanning. You can change
             it if the default host is already used. (allowed range: 2 to 253,
             default 66)
  -d         Ignore configuration files at home dir (for autoscan and fast mode
             only. This will use default ranges and IPs for autoscan and fast
             mode. See below for information about configuration files.
  -f         Enable fast mode scan. This will only scan for .1, .100 and .254
             on each network. This mode is useful while searching for ranges
             being used. After you found such range you can make a specific
             range scan to find online boxes.
  -L         When using -P, continue program execution after the active scan
             phase to capture ARP packets passively.
  -N         Do not print header. Only valid when -P is enabled.
  -P         Produces output suitable to be redirected into a file or be parsed
             by another program, instead of using interactive mode. Enabling
             this option, netdiscover will stop after scanning given ranges.
  -S         Enable sleep time suppression between each request. If set,
             netdiscover will sleep after having scanned 255 hosts instead of
             sleeping after each one. This mode was used in netdiscover 0.3
             beta4 and before. Avoid this option in networks with packet loss,
             or in wireless networks with low signal level. (also called
             hardcore mode)

USAGE
  If passive mode (-p), scan list (-l) or scan range (-r) options aren't
  enabled, netdiscover will scan for common LAN addresses.

  Screen control keys:

    h  Show help screen.
    j  Scroll down (or down arrow).
    k  Scroll up (or up arrow).
    .  Scroll page up.
    ,  Scroll page down.
    q  Close help screen or end application.

  Screen views:

    a  Show ARP replies list.
    r  Show ARP requests list.
    u  Show unique hosts detected.

CONFIG FILES
  There are 2 configuration files that netdiscover will look for, each time it
  is executed. If files doesn't exist, netdiscover will use default values. You
  can use the -d switch to disable reading and loading configuration files.

  ~/.netdiscover/ranges  
          This file contains a list of ranges (one per line) used for auto scan
          mode instead of default ranges. By default netdiscover will use a list
          of common ranges used on local networks.

  Example:

    192.168.21.0/24
    172.26.0.0/16
    10.0.0.0/8

  ~/.netdiscover/fastips  
          List containing the last octect of the IPs to be scanned on each
          subnet, when using fast mode, by default (1,100,154). You must
          put a number per line.

AUTHOR
  netdiscover was written by Jaime Penalba Estebanez <jpenalbae@gmail.com>.

  This manual page was originally written by Nicolas Weyland, for the Debian
  project. This man page has been merged into netdiscover project, and
  modified from the original.

